# Introduction
Python is a C-like, general purpose, dynamically typed, interpreted, and high level programming language.

To know what I mean by this, lets just go by one by one:

1. C-Like; A programming language based on on the C (yes the letter C) programming language, since it is originally programmed in C, while it does behave or have some sort of similarities to the language C, keep in mind it doesn't have the same functions or any sort of supersets like C++ would (Sometimes called C with Classes).
2. General Purpose; You can pretty much program anything you want with Python, it just doesn't matter. However the most common, yet, highly referenced use cases are: Backend Development (yes it can also be used for web-based development), Data Analysis, Automation, Machine Learning or LLM's (now that is where AI's are born in python), software development, etc.
3. Dynamically typed; Dynamically typed, because you don't have to declare a variable like you would with Java for instance. For example, instead of `str name = input("Whats your name?: ")` / `str name = "What up!"` like how you would use in a statically typed language, instead you can write like this: `name = "Hello John!"` or `num_of_items = 25`; Thats what dynamically typed languages are; you do not have to declare a variable.
4. Interpreted; Basically it reads top to bottom of the source code. You simply call a language at a CLI-level (almost every languages start at CLI because its self-explanatory), such as `python3 main.py`. But what it actually means is that it translates your version of the human readable code into a intermediate bytecode (No longer readable, see history) and then to a machine, computer readable binary code (1's and 0's basically). Its not a compiled language like you would with Rust or C(-like) language(s), so there is no need to call the compiler every time you finish your code, just to execute it eailer. You call the interpreter and direct it to the file, and it would read from top to bottem, once it finishes, it gives you the output, either prints or just interactivity.  